eat eats find finds
eat eats go goes
eat eats play plays
eat eats say says
eat eats scream screams
eat eats talk talks
eat eats think thinks
eat eats walk walks
eat eats work works
find finds go goes
find finds play plays
find finds say says
find finds scream screams
find finds talk talks
find finds think thinks
find finds walk walks
find finds work works
find finds eat eats
go goes play plays
go goes say says
go goes scream screams
go goes talk talks
go goes think thinks
go goes walk walks
go goes work works
go goes eat eats
go goes find finds
play plays say says
play plays scream screams
play plays talk talks
play plays think thinks
play plays walk walks
play plays work works
play plays eat eats
play plays find finds
play plays go goes
say says scream screams
say says talk talks
say says think thinks
say says walk walks
say says work works
say says eat eats
say says find finds
say says go goes
say says play plays
scream screams talk talks
scream screams think thinks
scream screams walk walks
scream screams work works
scream screams eat eats
scream screams find finds
scream screams go goes
scream screams play plays
scream screams say says
talk talks think thinks
talk talks walk walks
talk talks work works
talk talks eat eats
talk talks find finds
talk talks go goes
talk talks play plays
talk talks say says
talk talks scream screams
think thinks walk walks
think thinks work works
think thinks eat eats
think thinks find finds
think thinks go goes
think thinks play plays
think thinks say says
think thinks scream screams
think thinks talk talks
walk walks work works
walk walks eat eats
walk walks find finds
walk walks go goes
walk walks play plays
walk walks say says
walk walks scream screams
walk walks talk talks
walk walks think thinks
work works eat eats
work works find finds
work works go goes
work works play plays
work works say says
work works scream screams
work works talk talks
work works think thinks
work works walk walks
